again the children of Israel did evil in
again the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the Lord and the Lord
the sight of the Lord and the Lord
the sight of the Lord and the Lord delivered them into the hand of the
delivered them into the hand of the
delivered them into the hand of the Philistines for forty years now there
Philistines for forty years now there
Philistines for forty years now there was a certain man from Zoda of the
was a certain man from Zoda of the
was a certain man from Zoda of the family of the Danites whose name was
family of the Danites whose name was
family of the Danites whose name was Manoah and his wife was barren and had
Manoah and his wife was barren and had
Manoah and his wife was barren and had no children and the angel of the Lord
no children and the angel of the Lord
no children and the angel of the Lord appeared to the woman and said to her
appeared to the woman and said to her
appeared to the woman and said to her indeed now you are barren and have borne
indeed now you are barren and have borne
indeed now you are barren and have borne no children but you shall conceive and
no children but you shall conceive and
no children but you shall conceive and bear a son
bear a son
bear a son now therefore please be careful not to
now therefore please be careful not to
now therefore please be careful not to drink wine or similar drink and not to
drink wine or similar drink and not to
drink wine or similar drink and not to eat anything unclean for behold
eat anything unclean for behold
eat anything unclean for behold you shall conceive and bear a son and no
you shall conceive and bear a son and no
you shall conceive and bear a son and no razor shall come upon his head for the
razor shall come upon his head for the
razor shall come upon his head for the child should be a Nazarite to God from
child should be a Nazarite to God from
child should be a Nazarite to God from the womb and he shall begin to deliver
the womb and he shall begin to deliver
the womb and he shall begin to deliver Israel out of the hand of the
Israel out of the hand of the
Israel out of the hand of the Philistines
so the woman came and told her husband a
so the woman came and told her husband a man of God came to me and his
man of God came to me and his
man of God came to me and his countenance was like the countenance of
countenance was like the countenance of
countenance was like the countenance of the angel of God very awesome but I did
the angel of God very awesome but I did
the angel of God very awesome but I did not ask him where he was from and he did
not ask him where he was from and he did
not ask him where he was from and he did not tell me his name and he said to me
not tell me his name and he said to me
not tell me his name and he said to me behold you shall conceive and bear a son
behold you shall conceive and bear a son
behold you shall conceive and bear a son now drink no wine or similar drink nor
now drink no wine or similar drink nor
now drink no wine or similar drink nor eat anything unclean for the child shall
eat anything unclean for the child shall
eat anything unclean for the child shall be a Nazarite to God from the womb to
be a Nazarite to God from the womb to
be a Nazarite to God from the womb to the day of his death
the day of his death
the day of his death then the Noah prayed to the Lord and
then the Noah prayed to the Lord and
then the Noah prayed to the Lord and said o my lord please let the man of God
said o my lord please let the man of God
said o my lord please let the man of God whom you sent come to us again and teach
whom you sent come to us again and teach
whom you sent come to us again and teach us what we shall do for the child who
us what we shall do for the child who
us what we shall do for the child who will be born and God listened to the
will be born and God listened to the
will be born and God listened to the voice of Leonora and the angel of God
voice of Leonora and the angel of God
voice of Leonora and the angel of God came to the woman again as she was
came to the woman again as she was
came to the woman again as she was sitting in the field but Manila
sitting in the field but Manila
sitting in the field but Manila her husband was not with her
her husband was not with her
her husband was not with her then the woman ran in haste and told her
then the woman ran in haste and told her
then the woman ran in haste and told her husband and said to him look the man who
husband and said to him look the man who
husband and said to him look the man who came to me the other day has just now
came to me the other day has just now
came to me the other day has just now appeared to me
appeared to me
appeared to me so Manoa arose and followed his wife
so Manoa arose and followed his wife
so Manoa arose and followed his wife when he came to the man he said to him
when he came to the man he said to him
when he came to the man he said to him are you the man who spoke to this woman
are you the man who spoke to this woman
are you the man who spoke to this woman I am now let your words come to pass
I am now let your words come to pass
I am now let your words come to pass what will be the boys rule of life and
what will be the boys rule of life and
what will be the boys rule of life and his work of all that I said to the woman
his work of all that I said to the woman
his work of all that I said to the woman that her be careful she may not eat
that her be careful she may not eat
that her be careful she may not eat anything that comes from the vine nor
anything that comes from the vine nor
anything that comes from the vine nor make she drink wine or similar drink nor
make she drink wine or similar drink nor
make she drink wine or similar drink nor eat anything unclean all that I
eat anything unclean all that I
eat anything unclean all that I commanded her let her observe please let
commanded her let her observe please let
commanded her let her observe please let us detain you and we will prepare a
us detain you and we will prepare a
us detain you and we will prepare a young goat for you though you detain me
young goat for you though you detain me
young goat for you though you detain me I will not eat your food
I will not eat your food
I will not eat your food but if you offer a burnt offering
but if you offer a burnt offering
but if you offer a burnt offering you must offer it to the Lord for Manoa
you must offer it to the Lord for Manoa
you must offer it to the Lord for Manoa did not know he was the angel of the
did not know he was the angel of the
did not know he was the angel of the Lord then Manoa said to the angel of the
Lord then Manoa said to the angel of the
Lord then Manoa said to the angel of the Lord what is your name that when your
Lord what is your name that when your
Lord what is your name that when your words come to pass we may honor you why
words come to pass we may honor you why
words come to pass we may honor you why do you ask my name
do you ask my name
do you ask my name seeing it is wonderful
seeing it is wonderful
seeing it is wonderful so menara took the young goat with the
so menara took the young goat with the
so menara took the young goat with the grain offering and offered it upon the
grain offering and offered it upon the
grain offering and offered it upon the rock to the Lord and he did a wondrous
rock to the Lord and he did a wondrous
rock to the Lord and he did a wondrous thing while Manoah and his wife looked
thing while Manoah and his wife looked
thing while Manoah and his wife looked on it happened as the flame went up
on it happened as the flame went up
on it happened as the flame went up toward heaven from the altar the angel
toward heaven from the altar the angel
toward heaven from the altar the angel of the Lord ascended in the flame of the
of the Lord ascended in the flame of the
of the Lord ascended in the flame of the altar when the Knauer and his wife saw
altar when the Knauer and his wife saw
altar when the Knauer and his wife saw this they fell on their faces to the
this they fell on their faces to the
this they fell on their faces to the ground when the angel of the Lord
ground when the angel of the Lord
ground when the angel of the Lord appeared no more terminar and his wife
appeared no more terminar and his wife
appeared no more terminar and his wife then manner knew that he was the angel
then manner knew that he was the angel
then manner knew that he was the angel of the Lord and Manoah said to his wife
of the Lord and Manoah said to his wife
of the Lord and Manoah said to his wife he should surely die because we have
he should surely die because we have
he should surely die because we have seen God the Lord had desired to kill us
seen God the Lord had desired to kill us
seen God the Lord had desired to kill us he would not have accepted a burnt
he would not have accepted a burnt
he would not have accepted a burnt offering and a grain offering from our
offering and a grain offering from our
offering and a grain offering from our hands nor would he have shown us all
hands nor would he have shown us all
hands nor would he have shown us all these things nor would he have told us
these things nor would he have told us
these things nor would he have told us such things as these at this time so the
such things as these at this time so the
such things as these at this time so the woman bought a son and called his name
woman bought a son and called his name
woman bought a son and called his name Samson and the child grew and the Lord
Samson and the child grew and the Lord
Samson and the child grew and the Lord blessed him
blessed him
blessed him and the Spirit of the Lord began to move
and the Spirit of the Lord began to move
and the Spirit of the Lord began to move upon him at may her name Dan between
upon him at may her name Dan between
upon him at may her name Dan between zorah and eshtaol
you
you [Music]